This code originally belongs to https://medium.com/stanford-cs224w/using-gnns-and-protein-expression-networks-to-predict-alzheimers-disease-diagnosis-72c229efeb49
and the Colab code is https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1TCRNimtb2c9_90nSEAEa2G-37OKVOAm7#scrollTo=nQn-oF55NZNt

# Using-GNNs-and-Protein-Expression-Networks-to-Predict-Alzheimer-s-Disease-Diagnosis
Graph Level Predictions on ADNI Data with Hierarchical Clustering
Protein co-expression graphs have traditionally been utilized to identify novel biomarkers and illuminate biological mechanisms in Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this project, we aim to use a GNN that predicts disease status based on individuals' proteomic profile. We will be working with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) data from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI). This data contains expression data for roughly 85 proteins, collected from 310 subjects total. We chose this dataset because ADNI is one of the largest, longitudinal studies of AD in humans; it not only contains rich, phenotypic data from subjects (clinical information, neuroimaging, biomarkers, cognition, and genetic profile), it also has one of the most open data access policies.This code will carrying out the task of AD prediction from protein expression data. From the ADNI data, we will construct an adjacency matrix (based on the biweight mid-correlations between node pairs), representing the similarity between different proteins across all subjects. Protein expression levels will provide node information, and each patient will be represented by a graph. From here, we will make graph level predictions by learning hierarchically, initially with two levels of pooling. We will use GCN to to generate embeddings reflecting local graph structures followed by clustering based on the ASAPool method. Embeddings will be generated again on the soft clusterings, which we hope will reflect structural , followed by another clustering round before a final graph level prediction.

My contributions can be seen by comparing the original code and mine  
